# BeatmakerProject
You can use this link usererdem.github.io/beatmakerproject/ to try the application

This is an application to create your own music! You will be welcomed with an intro animation.

Top part of the application is designed for drum sounds. You can choose the kick, snare and hi-hat sound that you like. You can mute the sounds seperately from mute buttons. Play button on the top left starts playing the sound in the tempo you selected. You can change the tempo by clicking on the tempo slider or by dragging ball in the tempo slider. You can see the tempo value on the bottom of the tempo slider. You can click in the boxes, the selected boxes are going to choose color and produce a sound when the beat arrives in that specific box.

Bottom left part of the application is for play piano. You can either play the piano with mouse or keyboard. If you want to use your keyboard to play it, you can find the letters or numbers to press the key and produce the sound. Reverb button works like the right pedal of a piano. If you activate the reverb button by clicking, it will turn green and play the sound until the end even if you stop pressing the key. Without activating the reverb button the sound is going to stop after releasing your hand from the key. When you click Record button, the button will turn red. This means it started recording the piano sound. You can start pressing the buttons and when you are done you can click the Record button again to finish recording your audio. The audio is going to play automaticly once for you to hear your record. After recording an audio, Play button will appear. You can play the audio recorded by click the play button as many times as you want.

Finally on the bottom right part of the application is to create trombone sounds. You can use the numbers written on top to play the trombone sound or you can click with mouse.